Booking and guided tours in the EXGO:
1. Proof of booked and paid for the tour in the EXGO a printed or electronic voucher, which you must have a landing in transport. Payment is made when booking excursions services.
2. Cancellations made refund:
More than 48 hours before the start of the tour - 100% of the returns
24 - 48 hours before the start of the tour - 50% of the returns
Less than 24 hours before the start of the tour - the amount of no return
3. When planting in the transport you should have:
- Voucher EXGO (printed or electronic);
- ID (when traveling to the occupied territories, with booking sea excursions, flights on airplanes and helicopters need a passport);
- Items recommended in the description of excursions

4. EXGO is not responsible for the loss of personal belongings, material and physical damage for delay of transportation, lunch or cancellation of the other services specified in the description of the tour, due to circumstances beyond the control of EXGO.

5. The child's age - under 12 full years of age infant (Infant) up to 2 years. If the age of the passengers claimed to have children, will exceed the age limit, the EXGO reserves the right to request additional payment to the cost of an adult passenger when boarding the transport or refuse to tour without compensation.

6. EXGO has the right to refuse service without compensation:
- Children up to 14 years of age without adult supervision;
- Persons who are in a state of alcohol or drugs;
- Without supporting documents (voucher, passport or identity card);
- Late for a tour.

7. The cost of individual excursions are not included entrance fees and meals, unless otherwise noted in the description.
8. In carrying out individual excursions EXGO provides drivers and guides dinner at selected restaurants. If guests prefer other restaurants in this case they pay the driver and the guide lunch.
9. When an excursion on the day coinciding with the official state holidays, may increase the cost by 50%
10. In the event of a technical failure of transportation, tour postponed to another date or repayment is carried out in full. If the tour was held in part, provided the payment of 75% of the cost of the tour, or the continuation of the tour is offered in another convenient day.
11. The Company reserves the right without prior notice to change the route due to the weather conditions, holidays, traffic or for reasons beyond the company's reasons.
12. When traveling to Northern Cyprus (occupied territories) EXGO is not responsible for the operation of border and customs officials at the border crossing, as well as any other incidents that occur on the territory of Northern Cyprus. Guests must bring a valid passport.
13. The vehicle is not allowed to smoke, eat or drink (except water) during the traffic.
14. According to the rules of visiting the monasteries, all visitors must be dressed appropriately. Shorts and open arms are not allowed. If the excursion swimming, be sure to have a beach towel and a change of clothes. Planting in wet clothes in transport is prohibited.
15. The duration of individual trips listed in the description. If you wish to extend the tour guests, the extra time is paid (to the guide in cash) at the rate of 1 hour 20% of the cost of the tour.